 Hi, this is Charles Hoskinson broadcasting live from rough and rugged Wyoming. Always rough, always rugged, sometimes Wyoming. It is December 26th, the day after Christmas. I hope everybody had a wonderful Christmas and we're getting ready for the end of the year. And I'm enjoying a lovely time up here in Gillette, Wyoming and having a chance to take a look at my construction company, the clinic and all the other amazing things that are going on. And honestly, speaking, they're hauling ass and they're doing amazing stuff. You know, it's it's been the privilege of a lifetime to watch a dream where you kind of start with something like a clinic and you say, Hey, let's go build something like that. And then over a period of three years, it goes from just a hypothesis of like maybe kind of sorta to having over 10,000 square feet, 11,000 patients. And we're building an additional 60,000 square feet. It's pretty crazy when you really think about it. You see all those things moving along. And, you know, July 4th is going to be a really good and fun time because actually that's when the expansion will be done. All the service lines will be operational. There's going to linger and be an additional four to five months of construction for the biotechnology building, which will be an additional 20,000 square feet. It's currently where the UPS building is. We bought that. We had to buy a lot of land and do a lot of these things. And the area we built the clinic was really not designed for this. So the amount of dirt work we had to do and water mitigation and grading and other things is pretty crazy. Pretty crazy. I'm pretty proud of it. You know, 11,000 patients. I think we'll be up to about 15,000 patients. And we should definitely be able to turn on all those other service lines that we have. It's a multi-specialty practice, internal medicine and cardiology and nephrology, soon to be neurology. We've got the dermatology, all these types of things. We acquired, I think, more than 20 acres so far. And we may acquire a little bit more land for future growth and expansion. But it's been pretty special. And I was actually watching it all come together. And actually, it's been a hell of a year, hasn't it? We're dealing with so much going on. Governance is here. It's messy. And a lot of people are learning how to handle it. Lots of people are getting excited about serving as a D-rep. A lot of people are trying to figure out what it means, Cardano governance. For the first time in a long time, a lot of people in the industry are starting to pay attention to Cardano again and say, hey, I thought you guys were dead. Oh, my. You know, you're still around. Oh, OK. What's this governance thing about? What's this on-chain update about? Is it like Polkadot? And so obviously we have a long road to go and we have a lot to do. But I'm pretty proud of the fact that a lot of people stepped up and they're getting it done. You know, can't always get what you want. But, you know, what's nice is everybody's honest. You know, for a long time, there are a lot of people who had pent-up grievances, myself included. And you know what? Now we all get to be honest. It's no dishonesty to say that there were certainly some disgruntled people that didn't really like IOG that left and joined the foundation. And they kind of silently went about their job. But now they can go to Twitter and tell Twitter what they really feel. And they get to basically blame every problem in the entire world on me or somebody else. And also I get to finally say things that for the last three years have deeply bothered me. complements, and that's the nature of governance. You know, and people in the ecosystem, they can take it as they will. Some people are excited for the drama. Some people hate the drama. Some people think, well, we should just move forward and find some productive compromise. And the good news is with on-chain governance, everything can be kind of sorted out, figured out. You know, people are going to come together. I posted a video not too long ago on my Twitter feed of a bunch of ants solving a problem. And it just blows people's minds when they see that. You know, it's just these little creatures that individually are not very smart, but when they work as a collective whole, they can solve complex problems on a huge scale. And the only reason why they don't run the planet is because they're very small. But they're certainly trying. There's a lot more insects than there are people. And when you think about the nature of swarm intelligence, when all the people come together in the Cardano ecosystem and they start solving problems together and coming up with clever ideas, our best days are definitely ahead of us. And it gets me very, very excited. So, you know, it's nice to see. And it was a dream 10 years ago. I don't think people fully understand how small and weak and fledgling. You know, there was a time that if I was just hit by a bus or something happened, I don't think we would have gotten where we're at. But now that we're here, there's a lot of people running around saying we need to get rid of Charles. It's amazing, that transformation. It really is when you think about it. And it's hard as a founder when you watch these things grow and change. Make a lot of friends along the way. And you always have to figure out what's your role and place and purpose. I have a strong distaste for dishonesty. And I have a strong distaste for duplicity. Nothing pisses me off more than when people lie to my face. And nothing pisses me off more when people manipulate people and use half-truths to try to get people to do what they want or convince them that something is the way it is when it's not. And you see that. And it comes out at times. And it's a rage. It's a rage. Because at the end of the day, the purpose of these things is to hurt people that I love and things that I love. And an ecosystem that's been the center point of my life for 10 years. And it's hard because sometimes you just have to let people have their own fights. And you have to let them grow up. It's like being a parent. You watch your kids get into things they probably shouldn't. And you say, you know, they've gotten to the age where they're just going to have to figure this out. So we're starting to get to that. But I do believe the on-chain government will get where it needs to go. And I do believe that our best days are ahead of us. So let's get to your questions. Best whiskey. The cheapest best drinking whiskey around in Japan. It's called Hibiki Harmony. It's about 100 bucks a bottle. I say cheap because whiskey can get up to like 10 grand. Bull Cycle. Yes, sir. 2025 is going to be crazy. We're just getting started. What style of games your brother building for NES or Super and Nintendo want to know so I can start designing some stuff for chips? That's going to be up to the sponsoring content. So the company's name is Hosk Brew. and we have a lot of plans and we'll make a dedicated video about it, a lot of marketing about it. But if you're interested, just talk to JJ and we'll get you on the list and we can figure it out. We can do CRPGs. We can do standard adventure games. We can do FPSs. There's a lot of options that are there. Does anyone keep you in check every single day? You know, it's kind of funny. When you're in my position, you can't make a mistake. And you can't even be perceived to make a mistake. I'll give you a great example of that. So the other day, I saw a bot on Twitter and the bot had very lifelike behavior. I was kind of curious about it. I said, what are the limits of this type of bot? So it's criticizing Cardano. It's like this attack bot. So I try to catch the bot in the loop and I say, all right, well, what are your grievances? And then it goes off and goes to its pre-canned, pre-programmed stuff. And then I follow up with another question, trying to drill in. And I'm really trying to play with this bot because I want to understand at what point does it lose its depth? And then a community member stepped in and then I said, hey guys, I know it's a bot. I'm playing with it. I'm trying to figure this out. Well, the whole conversation was clipped up and only a part of it was spread around and make it look like I didn't know it was a bot and I didn't care. And I'm just incompetent and whatever. Front page of cryptocurrency Reddit. and obviously just personal attack. And it's amazing because when we had our signing of the constitution of Cardano, the most significant event in the history of Cardano was not on the front page of cryptocurrency Reddit, but a thread making me look bad was. And, you know, it's like, guys, Lars Brunius has been working for two years on the MeBox idea. I invited Rudy Rucker, the inventor of the LifeBox concept to my summit in 2019 in Miami. And he spoke there with Steven Wolfram about the LifeBox and these other things. So you'd think maybe just maybe that we're kind of curious about what bots can do reflect one of the companies we had in the portfolio was doing digital twins for over a year. We're quite interested in this. And we've been discussing internally this idea of creating digital twins of ourselves for various different utilities, either to analyze things or to interact with people or help desk support. So maybe just maybe when you see a bot, you're always curious, where did that come from and what capabilities it has? Like, for example, I've been thinking in 2025 to create a Twitter bot version of myself to run my Twitter feed. So I don't actually have to manage it because it's becoming diminishing returns. And how do we do that? What's the test? My test is pretty simple. When something affects everyone. And in my view, I don't think it's pretty wolf mode to me. I don't think it's pretty wolf mode to me. Cheryl's not sure if you remember. 13 14 15 14 15 15 15 16 15 15 16 16 17 17 20 18 20 20 18 18 20 Peter asks, what's your biggest learning or takeaway from Constitutional Convention? Peter, Sydney, Australia delegate. Well, first, thank you for your service. The biggest thing probably theralles Dee, there was an enormous amount that went into it and it was an event of the willing in the fact that the service hasn't ended, the delegates continue. all of them, I love the courage that they have, and I love the commitment that they have to Cardano and I know that they're gonna get where they need to be. A good possibility the Constitution will get passed on chain, but that's just the beginning. We have to improve the governance system to be more inclusive and to be more fair. And so there's a lot more code to write. There's a lot more protocols to explore, but at least we have people. The Ugo Flan and Gavin Woods in 2025. Sure. I have no problem with that. That'd be fun. I was laughing because Charles is interacting. Yeah, you're talking about the bot and you just got the report of the news. Those types of things.ург, says who? You? People seem to love me. Is it possible to quantum proof crypto? Yes. It's called post-quantum crypto. And there's many different approaches like learning with error and isogenies and hash based crypto. Mark went with us down to actually the Constitutional Convention and he was an observer. And Mark's a great guy and one of these days we'll do a podcast together. That'd be a heck of a lot of fun. Maybe we can do it with Tucker. Any news about Crazy Mary? For those of you who don't know, is a beefalo. It's the only one I have in the ranch. 해요. Half buffalo, half cow live. Big, mean and crazy. Do you think the USA did mistakes to leave Afghanistan big risk for you? Challenge, because When you fight a war you have to be very clear about what are the mission why are we fighting the war that are the best competition battle to win that war What's the victory condition? What's the exit condition? Multi-nation effort with big armies crashing into each other like World War II. Is this more? There's a legitimate element that we can put back into power. Is this a nation-building exercise where we're going to occupy the place and construct it for a long time? I mean look at South Korea and Japan after World War II. Alongside US Special Forces. is that when you have these border nations, they can harbor terrorist elements or elements of the prior regime. Pakistan is the biggest issue there. And so we're kind of fighting a three-sided war. You need to fight a 360. More Ai-Ratty Solargelist— It was never able to win the hearts and minds of the people in Afghanistan. So we ended up getting into this endless lingo— —and then year after year passed, more people died, more money spent— —and eventually some president had to be the president who is the donkey, who basically pulls the plug and leaves. In the case of Vietnam, that was Nixon. Disasterous, the conflict had been and said, look, you can go another 10 years, but ultimately it's going to end the same way in defeat. So it's a great case study in don't start things unless you're prepared to finish it. You lose your hair, beard gets white, belly gets big. It is what it is. Is my mic still on? Yeah, the mic is still on. Okay, there we go. Can you guys hear me now? No, it's on. The mic's on. No sound? No sound? Hello? Yeah, there we go. Yeah.retshier. Yes, MAjis are. There we go. It's fixed. Yeah, this is the integrated microphone. I was using my anchorworks microphone, here, and unfortunately it didn't work, because this new office I have up here at Gillette doesn't have a microphone set up yet. Okay. Yeah, you guys have to lose me for 20 minutes. Come on. And there's the Angry Crypto Show. Good guy. I haven't heard much about Plutus recently. Yeah, just a lot of stuff under the hood. The Aiken people love to say that they save Cardano smart contracts and they've QPLC is kind of the place you compile to. And I don't really care if it's High Assurance, Plutus, Aiken, or TypeScript. It's kind of a choose-your-own-adventure. You know, you want it to have a good devX for the developer. And that developer may come from a functional background. They may come from an object-oriented background. They might be a kind of a web developer that's kind of HTML-ish, and they don't have a lot of coding skills. And in all those cases, you'd like to have a choose-your-own-adventure and a path for them to be able to do that. this is to kind of open up a large list of capabilities. Then typically at the surface language and library level, we can resolve those types of things. Ten years and this guy is still making excuses. What excuses? That's the internet. That's the internet for you. change, and that is a Hall of差, but that's it. Oh, you guys. Just once, I'd love for the criticism to be somewhat legitimate. It's like, well, you said this thing was going to happen. It didn't happen. It's like, oh, okay, that's fair. But it's making excuses. People write smart contracts in Cardano. They like Cardano. It works really well for lots of different things, and people build cool stuff every day. If you go to Tap Tools or DexHunter you can see all the really cool amazing things that have been built in the Cardano ecosystem and all the cool projects and see that they're actually doing real and interesting stuff and they're upgrading all the time and min swap upgraded and Sunday swap upgraded and people are trying to keep up with all the new capabilities and it's a very bright community filled with a lot of vibrant young and passionate people and that's why we're successful and that's what keeps Cardano going and I'm kind of sad that they never get the credit that they deserve it you know when people criticize they say Cardano just doesn't exist those people don't exist nothing exists nothing's been done it's just a wallet you say have you ever actually spent a moment and used a Cardano adapt I can't do that it's not possible a youtuber told me it's not possible yeah okay but let's say you're wrong don't you think you're being a bit offensive to I don't care because the internet's no empathy you know and it's curious thing where even when you show them the evidence and you show them the dabs and you show them the infrastructure they still keep saying the same stuff again and again and I don't know why like maybe yeah there's a trolling element to it but when you meet these people some cases they legitimately believe what they're saying and then you try I'm trying to figure out like where do they get the information from who are the purveyors of misinformation that are floating around me and I've always been trying to identify that because I say all right well you know what we'll do is we'll just go and on those shows and kick these guys in the teeth and say this is what we do look how great we are but unfortunately we can never really isolate it is what it is did you lose some weight finally yeah I'm working on it it's a process can you share any new updates regarding your talks with Ripple on their early days you know we'd like to include Ripple in the in the midnight ecosystem and there are ongoing talks between the midnight people and the ripple people and a lot of technological talks as well and we've been trying to learn more about how their stack works there's some cardano tech we invented in particular Marlowe that would be tremendous and it would be a lot of fun to see what we could do there and also just some things in Ripple like flare for example are pretty cool pretty interesting but you know it takes time for these things to foment and first step was just technical conversations and that's what we did with David who's been tremendously helpful and a great asset and then at some point once you've gotten beyond that then there's actual integration work and other things to get done but overall they've been easy to work with we met also with the real USD people they were just finally got past launch and they're trying to recover from that because that was an incredibly time consuming effort but we're really proud of them and I do believe they're going to start adding other chains next year and my recommendation to that was a self-serve model similar to Coinbase's Rosetta it makes it a lot easier to see who's serious and who's not serious but it would be fun to bring that into their orbit there's no reason for us not to work together well guess what it's my space so not only do I get to ban you I get also to delete your comments goodbye there we go what temperature do you have your cold plunge do you air dry off for the shiver benefits even if you don't air dry off you know I got shit to do it's about one to two Celsius about 34 Fahrenheit yeah this is the problem with the proof of work crowd they just they just can't accept that there are alternative consensus algorithms really can't not much you can do though it's not an intellectual debate you can sit down and say let's have a conversation here's all the science here's all the code and then it's you're wrong we're right okay well here's all the science here's all the code oh no you're wrong you're right well we've been running for seven years 24 hours a day seven days a week nope you're wrong we're right okay that's a religion that's not a scientific argument that's okay i think it's time to go back to the old days have some giraffe pictures on the wall and some giraffes behind you i just gotta get a stable home i've been building like crazy in a lot of different areas and it'd be good to actually get to my home again i've been living in temporary homes for a while but it would be i agree i've been living in temporary homes for a while midnight is a cnt houses its own blockchain because the dual token model has two tokens one that lives on the partner chain and one that lives on cardano it's sanded for two years now there's a two token model so there's a cardano anchor and it has a consumption token capacity unit that lives on the sidechain that's why it benefits cardano so much and actually because it's a cnt you have to build all this stuff for cnts and actually get the custodians to support it and the wallets to support it which has been a tremendous issue i doubt this guy has ever seen a cardano developer in person of all the people i'm probably the one who actually has right um but you bring up an interesting point you know it would be nice if the cardano developers actually went to and many do but not an important and organized effort places like token 2049 and consensus it'd be fun to bring them all there and get them coming and i think there's a path to make such things happen it's just uh for some reason we don't quite as an ecosystem invest in that and i think that's something that we can correct in 2025 do you think the drones in new jersey are really aliens i uh i mentioned in a twitter space what i thought the drones were i thought about it for a while and i talked to a few people that i know who are close to these types of things and you know the first things first us airspace um so the united states of america is one of the best guarded places in the world and if you as a foreign power show up with large drones and enter our airspace we're going to know about it and we're going to fly sorties and shoot them down you know look at the balloon that china sent over you know people criticized the fact that it took a few days to shoot it down but the reality is that's just what we do we're very good at destroying things now if these are private drones invading airspace around airports and facilities that are mission critical there are capabilities to shoot those down in the local law enforcement so the fact that they're flying around without any fear means that their government has to shoot them down they belong to the u.s government now typically when the u.s government would fly those types of assets at night they would file a flight plan with the faa and the faa would say okay well what type of test you're doing and what are you doing yeah you know if even if it's not a statutory requirement all cases they would do so as a courtesy for safety reasons to alert other pilots that there's a restricted airspace there's going to be a type of aircraft flying in and avoid those areas for these times because there's a chance of collision okay because nobody wants to be in a situation where a military aircraft hits a civilian aircraft and kills somebody that is a that instantly means court martials and investigations and all these things so typically speaking if it's a exercise or a test of a new capability there'll be a mechanism upon which the airspace can be closed and almost certainly they would not test experimental new things over highly populated civilian areas they would do so in areas that are low population density like utah and nevada and wyoming because your probability of an incident is very low also in some cases you don't really want to do this in a public way so you fly it over low population density because you tend not to be seen for those types of operations so that means it's a government asset and they're not doing a test it's a real life scenario so why would you fly a drone low over densely populated civilian areas that's a government asset at night well if you fly during the daytime you have better visibility but the sun does interfere with a very specific type of sensor radiation sensors so if you're flying low as a drone over a highly populated area during the night time with military asset you're probably looking for a radioactive source so they're flying in patterns that would give them the ability to triangulate you notice those triangles kind of like gps where they always have three so there's a good possibility that what's going on is there's some nuclear source that u.s drones are looking for in a densely populated area it'd be a nuclear weapon or a dirty bomb and that would also explain why they wouldn't talk about it publicly because it would incite a panic if you lived in new york or new jersey and you heard that the u.s government is looking for a dirty bomb or a nuclear weapon it would scare the hell out of you and it would cause a lot of people to evacuate and run for the hills so you know keep it under wraps so then there's an open question what could that be and what i've heard is that in 1994 when ukraine and russia reached an agreement for the ukrainian nuclear stockpile to return to russia there were about 1600 nuclear weapons and nuclear like weapons that were returned but some people say that forty to fifty were not returned and were actually held on by the ukrainian government as kind of an insurance policy just in case they got invaded and they were lost in the translation. So then the natural question is if you were to lose some nuclear weapons, where would you hide them? Where would you put them? Well, Chernobyl actually makes an incredibly good case because the background radiation makes it really hard to actually locate any nuclear payload. And you just bury them somewhere in Chernobyl, and they're quite hard to find at that point. So here's an interesting thing. In 2022, when Putin invaded Ukraine, he attacked Chernobyl and sent his troops there, and they were digging in the exclusion zone, disturbing highly radioactive soil, which is a pretty absurd thing because the Russians have a pretty good understanding of Chernobyl because they built everything up there, and they did all the reclamation, and there's still people alive in Russia who deeply understand the nuclear exclusion zone, and that's a really bad idea to dig. So why did the Russians go to a desolate nuclear excluded zone right after they invaded the country and started digging around looking for something? Well, maybe they believed there were weapons there, and the word on the street is one of them is missing, and it got smuggled in. That's what the conspiracy theory people say, but it would line up perfectly with a drone situation where the drones are actually looking for something like that. But the truth is we don't know, and the problem is bigger than that's what we're talking about. It's more of a systemic paranoia, apathy, and cynicism about the U.S. government. We have a situation where the president-elect is suspicious of the incumbent president, and there's zero coordination or discussion about this issue. When Trump was at a press conference and they asked him about the drones, he said, I don't know what they are. They don't tell me, People believe what they want to believe. If you want to believe it's a nuclear weapon, you have a story now. If you want to believe it's aliens, there's another story you can find. If you want to believe it's alt-right conspiracy theorists doing this just to distract people, you have another story. Or perhaps you could believe the Biden administration's doing it to create a news cycle to not have people pay attention to all the pardons that he did and the Hunter Biden pardon.dened to try, who knows. Or maybe it's the foreign power, which is why is the US military not intervening? Well, maybe they're cooperating from the foreign power. Maybe we've been co-opted. This is the problem in society when you have no anchors to give you trust and you have no ability to connect to something of objective meaning. You just get lost in a maelstrom of chaos and even when the real story comes out you won't be able to verify it and it'll just be one of several narratives that compete with each other. That's the sad part of it. What is your best preferred steak? I'd say there's two steaks fogue on the side of it. I'm going to start with the steaks that I really enjoy. One was from Fogon down in Argentina that was cooked in the very traditional assado style and oh my Lord it is absolutely amazing. The other one I really like is Scotch Prime over at the Palm in Las Vegas. They have this amazing Wagyu sampler called Wagyu flight from four different regions and both of those are exceedingly well cooked. They are very, very good. You think it's important to educate high school students about cryptocurrency? How would you incorporate this in the math and business course? Not particularly. I think it's important to teach them about economics. dole economics, like Austrian economics and game theory, and some of the precursors that lead into the cryptocurrency space. And then crypto makes natural sense. You say, wait a second here. Why should the government be in the business of money, and teach them what debt is about, how credit works, and how the world banking system works. stood up in. There's no incentive to know anything about any of those topics. So if you teach them about cryptocurrencies and they don't have those underlying foundations, what have you done? You've created a reality where all they view cryptocurrencies as is a speculative medium. They don't understand why they exist. So as a teenager, what are you going to see? Dog with hat? You're going to see doge. You're going to see number go up, number go down. And you get caught up in that meme culture of it. And that's fine. But the problem is that you don't understand that there's actually more to the story than that. And then some make money, vast majority lose money, and then eventually they just start hating it because they hate anything after six months. That's a contrarian viewpoint. So you have to get the underlying first principles in. And once you get those underlying first principles, then it's very natural. with Ilan and Vivek. You know, Ilan makes sense to me. He's very interested in this topic. He wants to, you know, cut the U.S. government. He didn't have any time. He spends an enormous amount of time playing Diablo 4 and running like 26 companies and having 20 children and all this other stuff. So the reality is more of a philosophy guy and a delegator-in-chief. And then there's a question, is Vivek Ramaswamy the appropriate person to delegate to? At this scale and with the skill sets required for hyper-efficiency and having no bullshit, you need the odd couple. If I was Trump and wanted to do this, what I would have done is I would have picked Ilan Musk and Jeff Bezos and had them come together. And Jeff is a ruthless and merciless optimizer-in-chief. You see this in Amazon. Like the delivery trucks, they have only a certain amount of time to deliver the package, a certain amount of time to and just the bathroom. I mean, it's very intrusive how much efficiency Amazon puts into their system. And he's just a relentless guy. And, you know, he's also a very powerful guy and one of the very few people that actually can counterbalance Elon Musk. Musk has a space company. Bezos does too. Musk is worth over $200 billion. Bezos is as well. Musk is a software guy. Bezos is as well. You know, they're like, you know, mortal enemies and it's an odd couple. And they don't have to see eye to eye, but they both do agree that the US government can go into a tremendous degree of improvement in optimization. The other thing is that Bezos is more of a creature of the left and Musk is a creature of the right. And so by having them together, Doge appears to be more bipartisan. David P. And that's important in many cases, especially when you have people that have trouble communicating themselves. Like Ron Paul is a great example, who's a philosopher king, but he was not a very effective campaigner, all things considered. So he carried the message through, but he had trouble delivering the message. And had that been done, all these rumors of Musk running the US government and being charged of everything, no one would even say that. They'd say, well, Trump is clearly in charge. So I do think that the landing was bundled. But that said, I do believe that Doge will be somewhat effective. And I think that, you know, it'll actually be able to cut a lot of stuff. If anything, it'll create some notoriety in a lot of things that should not be happening. For example, we should not have giant bills that are filled with pork that no one's read be passed. So maybe just maybe we should use all this artificial intelligence and crowdsource the reading of legislation, because the American people are more than capable of doing that. And we can do a very good job of that. We shouldn't have 16 intelligence agencies. We do. You know, maybe we should have five or less. Who knows? You know, we shouldn't have so much redundancy in the US government and lose on a regular basis billions of dollars with no accountability behind it. So if you put a spotlight on that and force some resolution of that, I think Doge will be tremendously effective. When designer babies are artificial womb factories. So exo wombs are being developed. I know some people that are personally involved in the development of them right now on the animal side, but also it's a huge market for humans. And we kind of know how to do it. It's just one of those things where there's a lot of T's to cross and I's to dot. So I think somewhere in the early 2030s, exo wombs will come online and they're tremendously useful. Let's say you're a 50 year old woman and you, you know, were a career woman and, you know, or something like that. And then, you know, your husband died or you got divorced and then you married a much younger guy. He's 25 and want to have kids and you can't because you're too old. Well, actually with an exo womb, you may be able to do that. And people are living a lot longer. You know, the average life expectancy to turn 19th, 20th century was less than 60. And now people born in the 21st century have a good chance to die at 100. So to say your window for children should be biologically determined and you're only allowed to have them at 25, but you can't have them at 50. So the math works out exactly the same as it did in the 19th century. And the advantage of exo wombs is not only can you have them, you also can edit the genome so that the birth defect issue goes completely away. So it's going to happen. It's just a question of how many edits are you allowed to make and how does the FDA get involved in these types of things. certain administrations ebb and flow with Kennedy and with Trump. I doubt that we'll see approval during this administration, but I do believe the technology will first be used in the agricultural business. And actually I'd love to use it myself for a variety of animals that I'd like to mass manufacture that have great agricultural utility. Because we do a lot of synthetic biology work and this would be really cool. The leap to grow to humans is five to 10 years after it becomes regularly used in the agricultural business and AI will assist in the editing. I respect God's creation. No to Exo wombs. You know, you say that, but what if you were born with a birth defect and you can't have kids? So is that fair? You know, you're just told, hey, sorry, everybody else in your age group gets to have children, but you can't just suck it up buttercup. Your mind dies with you. You never get to know motherhood. It's all just a dog. I'm just going to say, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.